docs: update Python helloworld tutorial for a2a-sdk v1.0 (#1775)
a2aproject/A2A: docs/tutorials/python/5-start-server.md

Now that we have an Agent Card and an Agent Executor, we can set up and start the A2A server.

> The A2A Python SDK provides route factory helpers (`create_agent_card_routes`, `create_jsonrpc_routes`, `create_rest_routes`) that return Starlette `Route` objects. These work natively with [Starlette](https://www.starlette.io/) and [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/), and the resulting application is run with an ASGI server like [Uvicorn](https://www.uvicorn.org/). In this tutorial we use Starlette with `create_agent_card_routes` and `create_jsonrpc_routes`; `create_rest_routes` is available for REST-style endpoints but is not used in this sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup A2A Server, Python SDK provides route factory and helper functions(`create_agent_card_routes`, `create_jsonrpc_routes`, `create_rest_routes`). Use Route factory to create routes for A2A Server services. These routes can bet attached natively to popular frameworks like [Starlette](https://www.starlette.io/) and [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/) that provides you better control over authentication, logging and other feature.

In this tutorial we will be Starlette with [Uvicorn](https://www.uvicorn.org/)
```

1. **`DefaultRequestHandler`**:

>     - The SDK provides `DefaultRequestHandler`. This handler takes your `AgentExecutor` implementation (here, `HelloWorldAgentExecutor`), a `TaskStore` (here, `InMemoryTaskStore`), and the public and extended `AgentCard` objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The SDK provides `DefaultRequestHandler`. This handler takes your `AgentExecutor` implementation (`HelloWorldAgentExecutor`), a `TaskStore` (`InMemoryTaskStore`), and the public and extended `AgentCard` objects.
```

    - The `TaskStore` is used by the `DefaultRequestHandler` to manage the lifecycle of tasks, especially for stateful interactions, streaming, and resubscription. Even if your agent executor is simple, the handler needs a task store.
    - `agent_card` is passed to the handler so it can verify the agent's declared capabilities when processing incoming requests. For example, checking whether streaming or push notifications are supported before handling those request types.
    - `extended_agent_card` is passed so the handler can serve it via the `GetExtendedAgentCard` RPC method to authenticated clients.

2. **`create_agent_card_routes` and `create_jsonrpc_routes`**:

    - `create_agent_card_routes(public_agent_card)` returns Starlette routes that expose the Agent Card at the `/.well-known/agent-card.json` endpoint for public discovery.
    - `create_jsonrpc_routes(request_handler, '/')` returns Starlette routes that handle all incoming A2A JSON-RPC method calls by delegating to the `request_handler`.
    - These route lists are combined and passed to a standard `Starlette` application.

3. **`uvicorn.run(app, ...)`**:

>     - The constructed `Starlette` app is run using `uvicorn.run()`, making your agent accessible over HTTP.

Reviewer: Q: Is it only HTTP or HTTPS is also included ?

Author: HTTP only.

    - `agent_card` is passed to the handler so it can verify the agent's declared capabilities when processing incoming requests (for example, checking whether streaming or push notifications are supported before handling those request types).
    - `extended_agent_card` is passed so the handler can serve it via the `GetExtendedAgentCard` RPC method to authenticated clients.

2. **`create_agent_card_routes` and `create_jsonrpc_routes`**:

    - `create_agent_card_routes(public_agent_card)` returns Starlette routes that expose the Agent Card at the `/.well-known/agent-card.json` endpoint for public discovery.
    - `create_jsonrpc_routes(request_handler, '/')` returns Starlette routes that handle all incoming A2A JSON-RPC method calls by delegating to the `request_handler`.
    - These route lists are combined and passed to a standard `Starlette` application.

3. **`uvicorn.run(app, ...)`**:
    - The constructed `Starlette` app is run using `uvicorn.run()`, making your agent accessible over HTTP.

>     - `host='127.0.0.1'` makes the server accessible only from your local machine.

Reviewer: Good pointer! Need to check if its valid.

>     - `host='127.0.0.1'` makes the server accessible only from your local machine.

Author: Check it. No such entries.
